This document is created to evaluate the performance of my experimental vapor chamber (VC) model. This is a 1-D, steady-state, analytical approach to solving for the performance of my conceptual VC. This document will serve as a helper-style guide to better understand the MATLAB code used to solve for a feasible VC. The script was made to provide a quick, first-order prediction of the two performance metrics that define a VC's usefulness. 
- The first of these metrics is the **capillary heat transport limit ($Q_{max}$)**, which defines the maximum heat transfer rate that the VC can achieve before capillary (wick) limitations begin to cause failure during operation. This is typically attributed to a wick's inability to return sufficient liquid to the evaporator section of the VC, thereby failing to match the actual evaporation rate of the liquid under vacuum.
- The second metric of interest is the **total thermal resistance ($R_{th}$)**. This is a measure of the total opposition to heat flow from the outside of the evaporator to the outside of the condensor. Its extremely similar to eletrical resistance. Where electrical resistance opposes the flow of electrical current, thermal resistance opposes the flow of heat energy. Having a lower thermal resistance means the vapor chamber can transfer heat more effectively with a smaller temperature difference, moving heat more efficiently.

This model will serve as a foundation for the initial design of the vapor chamber and its validation. It allows for analysis of parametric sensitivity which enables the user to quickly iterate on a design for a desired $Q_{max}$ and $R_{th}$ or any other desired variable. This enables users to design using 3D CAD based on a verified model.
